|  Key         | Value                                                    |
|--------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| Date:        | 27/02/2024                                               |
| Time:        | 14:45 - 15:30                                            |
| Location:    | DW PC1 Cubicle 6                                         |
| Chair        | Mihai Bratu                                              |
| Minute Taker | Stella Schultz                                           |
| Attendees:   | Azra Ocak, <br/>Philip Lekkerkerker,<br/>Vlad Cioculeasa |

## Notes on Agenda Items

- Git assignment:
  - all attendees have finished the assignment
  - peer review the assignment together
- Announcements by the team: n/a
- Announcements by the TA:
  - coding starts this week
  - Criteria for sunday:
    - Submit 1 merge request into main with 100 lines of code and at least 1 constructive comment on a merge request with 100 characters.
  - Each feature should get its own branch which will later be merged into the main branch.
- Presentation of app to TA (n/a)
- Talking Points:
  - We need to add some explanations to the team values section
  - make sure that the assignment description is clear and detailed
  - Agree on realistic (!) ambition levels and how to navigate between team members different ambition levels.
  - Internal deadlines:
    - Wednesday 21 February: check git assignment with partner 
    - Tuesday 27 February: Finished Code of Conduct
    - Generally finish assignments the week of the deadline before the meeting so discussion is possible.
  - For the behaviour section we can consider academic counselors as another source of reference
  - communication requires a plan to keep TAs informed, possibly sending a message in mattermost with a recap of important information or events
  - Commitment requires quality assurance information
  - decision-making: discuss what to do when somebody insists on a different viewpoint + when/how to involve the feedback/suggestions from the TA
  - For the conflicts section, add an "other" scenario to cover any bases we haven't talked about yet
  - Outside collaboration:
    - edit booking room 1 day in advance to 1 week in advance
- First Steps:
  - checkstyle
    - use OOP checkstyle as the template and add or delete as needed
  - Test coverage: at least 80%
  - JavaDoc: when in doubt just add some!
  - CI/CD configs: no change
  - Basic requirements:
    - commons
      - endpoints
    - services?
- Action Points:
  - Discuss checkstyle rules
  - Work on Commons/Database schema
  - Assign issues to people
  - Start with basic features this week and move on to extensions in the next few weeks. 
  - Talk to missing teammates, keep updated.